# Paths from SNFrontEndElectronics -> SNRawDataProducts
vendor_snfee/utils.h       snfee/utils.h
vendor_snfee/utils.cc      snfee/utils.cc
vendor_snfee/geometry.h    snfee/geometry.h
vendor_snfee/apps/CRD2RHD/crd2rhd.cxx            programs/crd2rhd/crd2rhd.cxx
vendor_snfee/apps/RHD2RTD/rhd2rtd.cxx            programs/rhd2rtd/rhd2rtd.cxx
vendor_snfee/apps/RTD2RED/rtd2red.cxx            programs/rtd2red/rtd2red.cxx
vendor_snfee/apps/RTD2Root/rtd2root.cxx          programs/rtd2root/rtd2root.cxx
# apps/RHDSort not clear yet?
vendor_snfee/data/calo_channel_traits-serial.h   not_data/calo_channel_traits-serial.h  
vendor_snfee/data/calo_channel_traits.cc         not_data/calo_channel_traits.cc
vendor_snfee/data/calo_channel_traits.h          not_data/calo_channel_traits.h
vendor_snfee/data/calo_hit_record-serial.h       snfee/data/calo_hit_record-serial.h
vendor_snfee/data/calo_hit_record.cc             snfee/data/calo_hit_record.cc
vendor_snfee/data/calo_hit_record.h              snfee/data/calo_hit_record.h
vendor_snfee/data/calo_signal_model.cc           not_data/calo_signal_model.cc
vendor_snfee/data/calo_signal_model.h            not_data/calo_signal_model.h
vendor_snfee/data/calo_waveform_data-serial.h    not_data/calo_waveform_data-serial.h
vendor_snfee/data/calo_waveform_data.cc          not_data/calo_waveform_data.cc
vendor_snfee/data/calo_waveform_data.h           not_data/calo_waveform_data.h
vendor_snfee/data/calo_waveform_drawer.cc        not_data/calo_waveform_drawer.cc
vendor_snfee/data/calo_waveform_drawer.h         not_data/calo_waveform_drawer.h
vendor_snfee/data/channel_id-serial.h            snfee/data/channel_id-serial.h
vendor_snfee/data/channel_id.cc                  snfee/data/channel_id.cc
vendor_snfee/data/channel_id.h                   snfee/data/channel_id.h
vendor_snfee/data/channel_id_selection.cc        not_data/channel_id_selection.cc
vendor_snfee/data/channel_id_selection.h         not_data/channel_id_selection.h
vendor_snfee/data/has_trigger_id_interface.h     snfee/data/has_trigger_id_interface.h
vendor_snfee/data/raw_event_data-serial.h        snfee/data/raw_event_data-serial.h   
vendor_snfee/data/raw_event_data.cc              snfee/data/raw_event_data.cc
vendor_snfee/data/raw_event_data.h               snfee/data/raw_event_data.h
vendor_snfee/data/raw_record_interface.h         snfee/data/raw_record_interface.h
vendor_snfee/data/raw_trigger_data-serial.h      snfee/data/raw_trigger_data-serial.h
vendor_snfee/data/raw_trigger_data.cc            snfee/data/raw_trigger_data.cc
vendor_snfee/data/raw_trigger_data.h             snfee/data/raw_trigger_data.h
vendor_snfee/data/rtd2root_data.cc               programs/rtd2root/rtd2root_data.cc
vendor_snfee/data/rtd2root_data.h                programs/rtd2root/rtd2root_data.h
vendor_snfee/data/rtd_selection.cc               not_data/rtd_selection.cc
vendor_snfee/data/rtd_selection.h                not_data/rtd_selection.h
vendor_snfee/data/run_info-serial.h              snfee/data/run_info-serial.h
vendor_snfee/data/run_info.cc                    snfee/data/run_info.cc
vendor_snfee/data/run_info.h                     snfee/data/run_info.h
vendor_snfee/data/time-serial.h                  snfee/data/time-serial.h
vendor_snfee/data/time.cc                        snfee/data/time.cc
vendor_snfee/data/time.h                         snfee/data/time.h
vendor_snfee/data/tracker_hit_record-serial.h    snfee/data/tracker_hit_record-serial.h
vendor_snfee/data/tracker_hit_record.cc          snfee/data/tracker_hit_record.cc
vendor_snfee/data/tracker_hit_record.h           snfee/data/tracker_hit_record.h
vendor_snfee/data/trigger_record-serial.h        snfee/data/trigger_record-serial.h
vendor_snfee/data/trigger_record.cc              snfee/data/trigger_record.cc
vendor_snfee/data/trigger_record.h               snfee/data/trigger_record.h
vendor_snfee/data/utils.cc                       snfee/data/utils.cc
vendor_snfee/data/utils.h                        snfee/data/utils.h
vendor_snfee/io/calo_hit_parser.cc               programs/crd2rhd/calo_hit_parser.cc
vendor_snfee/io/calo_hit_parser.h                programs/crd2rhd/calo_hit_parser.h
vendor_snfee/io/io_interfaces.h                  snfee/io/io_interfaces.h
vendor_snfee/io/multifile_data_reader.cc         snfee/io/multifile_data_reader.cc
vendor_snfee/io/multifile_data_reader.h          snfee/io/multifile_data_reader.h
vendor_snfee/io/multifile_data_writer.cc         snfee/io/multifile_data_writer.cc
vendor_snfee/io/multifile_data_writer.h          snfee/io/multifile_data_writer.h
vendor_snfee/io/raw_hit_reader.cc                programs/crd2rhd/raw_hit_reader.cc
vendor_snfee/io/raw_hit_reader.h                 programs/crd2rhd/raw_hit_reader.h
vendor_snfee/io/raw_record_flow_statistics.cc    programs/rhd2rtd/raw_record_flow_statistics.cc
vendor_snfee/io/raw_record_flow_statistics.h     programs/rhd2rtd/raw_record_flow_statistics.h
vendor_snfee/io/raw_record_parser.cc             programs/crd2rhd/raw_record_parser.cc
vendor_snfee/io/raw_record_parser.h              programs/crd2rhd/raw_record_parser.h
vendor_snfee/io/raw_run_header.cc                programs/crd2rhd/raw_run_header.cc
vendor_snfee/io/raw_run_header.h                 programs/crd2rhd/raw_run_header.h
vendor_snfee/io/red_record.cc                    programs/librecord/red_record.cc
vendor_snfee/io/red_record.h                     programs/librecord/red_record.h
vendor_snfee/io/rhd_record.cc                    programs/librecord/rhd_record.cc
vendor_snfee/io/rhd_record.h                     programs/librecord/rhd_record.h
vendor_snfee/io/rhd_sorter.cc                    programs/rhd2rtd/rhd_sorter.cc
vendor_snfee/io/rhd_sorter.h                     programs/rhd2rtd/rhd_sorter.h
vendor_snfee/io/rtd2root_converter.cc            programs/rtd2root/rtd2root_converter.cc
vendor_snfee/io/rtd2root_converter.h             programs/rtd2root/rtd2root_converter.h
vendor_snfee/io/rtd_record.cc                    programs/librecord/rtd_record.cc
vendor_snfee/io/rtd_record.h                     programs/librecord/rtd_record.h
vendor_snfee/io/tracker_hit_parser.cc            programs/crd2rhd/tracker_hit_parser.cc
vendor_snfee/io/tracker_hit_parser.h             programs/crd2rhd/tracker_hit_parser.h
# Leave out most model/ files here as clearly related to underlying electronics
vendor_snfee/model/feb_constants.cc              snfee/model/feb_constants.cc
vendor_snfee/model/feb_constants.h               snfee/model/feb_constants.h
vendor_snfee/model/utils.cc                      snfee/model/utils.cc
vendor_snfee/model/utils.h                       snfee/model/utils.h
vendor_snfee/redb/builder.cc                     programs/rtd2red/builder.cc
vendor_snfee/redb/builder.h                      programs/rtd2red/builder.h                      
vendor_snfee/redb/builder_config.cc              programs/rtd2red/builder_config.cc
vendor_snfee/redb/builder_config.h               programs/rtd2red/builder_config.h
vendor_snfee/redb/builder_pimpl.h                programs/rtd2red/builder_pimpl.h
vendor_snfee/redb/input_worker.cc                programs/rtd2red/input_worker.cc
vendor_snfee/redb/input_worker.h                 programs/rtd2red/input_worker.h
vendor_snfee/redb/output_worker.cc               programs/rtd2red/output_worker.cc
vendor_snfee/redb/output_worker.h                programs/rtd2red/output_worker.h
vendor_snfee/redb/red_buffer.cc                  programs/rtd2red/red_buffer.cc
vendor_snfee/redb/red_buffer.h                   programs/rtd2red/red_buffer.h
vendor_snfee/redb/rtd2red_builder.cc             programs/rtd2red/rtd2red_builder.cc
vendor_snfee/redb/rtd2red_builder.h              programs/rtd2red/rtd2red_builder.h
vendor_snfee/redb/rtd_buffer.cc                  programs/rtd2red/rtd_buffer.cc
vendor_snfee/redb/rtd_buffer.h                   programs/rtd2red/rtd_buffer.h
vendor_snfee/rtdb/builder.cc                     programs/rhd2rtd/builder.cc 
vendor_snfee/rtdb/builder.h                      programs/rhd2rtd/builder.h
vendor_snfee/rtdb/builder_config.cc              programs/rhd2rtd/builder_config.cc
vendor_snfee/rtdb/builder_config.h               programs/rhd2rtd/builder_config.h
